[Music]
me onyx light-years ahead of the game
that is their slogan this is the Seibel
60 high performance gaming keyboard and
this keyboard seems to have everybody
very very excited about it so there's a
bunch of different things that me onyx
is going to call out on the back here
and I will go ahead and run you through
them
it has media and illumination function
keys up here it has a heavy-duty braided
cable it has a full speed USB 2.0 hub
that's actually a really good feature to
see so many keyboards still include USB
1.1 hubs which is infuriating if you go
and plug a flash drive in oh why is it
going so slow well that's why okay it
has green backlit Kia lumination which I
love I love green lighting whether it's
in the case or on your components or
whatever the case may be love it I think
it looks great it has a Munich's action
key instead of a Windows key over on
this side so you're not going to
accidentally bump that while you're
gaming a detachable wrist rest is also
featured on the bottom which I'll show
you when I open it up and oh my I can't
believe they put this on the box okay
we'll get to that
okay black cherry MX mechanical key
switches that is critical why is this
expensive because it uses proper
mechanical key switches cherry blacks so
if you use any keyboard that has cherry
black switches then you will know
approximately what it's going to feel
like catchable rest rest green backlit
multi level brightness control neonics
action key to access light flash media
controls okay six key rollover and I'm
going to skip this next one because it's
hilarious I'm saving it for last
okay you can connect through port
connector ports for audio and mic full
speed USB 2.0 hot plug and play and
check look at this
rage proof durability yeah I know right
rage proof durability so we're gonna
we're gonna have to have a look at this
thing okay the Onyx Ziegel 60 start has
been born model overview so they have to
say for themselves the Seibel 60 is a
fusion of the best keyboard components
together
great gaming features that give you the
edge to your game engineered with non
tactile interesting mechanical black
Cherry MX switches that deliver the best
feel to every keystroke I'm gonna have
to see what they mean by non tactile
okay with a six key roll over that
allows you to perform up to six
simultaneous keystrokes with any key on
the keyboard remember that is a
limitation of USB not of the keyboard
itself otherwise I'm sure it can do more
than six in addition to the performance
feature that offers smart functions like
to port USB 2.0 hub audio and mic
extensions of media control keys for
full integration with your desktop setup
neato neat so neat semi Tiki neat okay
responsiveness is two millimeters four
millimeters to the bottom of the key
let's look at all these technical
specifications switch mount is 18 karat
gold-plated backed Cherry MX black
linear mechanical switch actuation force
of 60 grams so if you care about any of
this stuff you can read it here and
finally we have installation which
should be fairly straightforward for a
keyboard and that's about it now let's
look at the zile keyboard itself okay
okay you know what I had said I have our
I had glossed over the thick braided
cable but I did not know how thick a
braided cable could be this is a
heavy-duty cable I will give them that
check this out you guys this is like the
thickness of a of my pinky finger almost
huge
look look thickness compared to an
iPhone that is that is a heavy-duty
cable if I have ever seen one that's the
first thing that stands up to me about
this particular keyboard right as I open
it up here so I'm creeping towards
assistant which I actually this is a new
camera assistant who I don't really have
a nickname for yet we'll have to work on
something you know maybe if you guys
want to leave suggestions in the
comments of this video for what you
think my new assistants nickname should
be this is not crazy Russian and this is
not the cameraman somebody else alright
at the end we are going to find two USB
ports one of them is for the keyboard
and you can see it has a picture of what
looks like a keyboard on it one of them
is for the hub which has the word hub on
it and finally we have pass-throughs for
our headphones as well as microphone so
that instead of plugging them around to
the back of the computer we can plug
them around to the back of the keyboard
where we will also find the USB hub so
there's your mouse there's a USB key
boom there you go
alright let's attach the rest wrist rest
after we have a look at the bottom of
the keyboard so we've got a couple of
these guys in case you want it to lean
up a little bit more we've got four
rubber pads on the bottom so well yeah
it says our grippy it's not going to
slip around once it's put down outfit
rage Oh see we're finding out if it's
rage proof already alright we have four
more rubber pads on the bottom of the
wrist rest let's go ahead and let goes
on and there is a keyboard as its
intended to be used so the first thing
I'm going to do is I'm going to evaluate
the layout because I'm pretty particular
about keyboard layout and it's going to
get major points off if they've done
anything outlandish so first things
first if I need to capitalize something
that I'm typing with my right hand will
I be able to reach the shift key the
answer is yes I hate short shift keys I
can't reach them next if I do something
over here can I capitalize yes I can
nice long shift keys both sides
excellent finally I made a mistake can I
reach the backspace key the answer is
yes I hate short backspace keys they are
me I wish they all died in a fire okay
next let's look at the overall layout of
the other stuff here as well so we've
got our function keys up here mute
volume down volume up play stop forward
and back brightness and keyboard button
okay I'm not 100% sure what that one
does go ahead and leave
comment on the video if you know and
then everything else is a fairly
standard layout actually everything here
is pretty normal they haven't gone in
like you know changed these and made
this like a long delete or anything like
that it's all pretty normal we've got
LEDs here for our number lock caps lock
and scroll lock number pad and you know
I'm just gonna have a good look at what
I think I need mmm that's actually
really nice I wonder if the keys come
off easily
that's something I've noticed about
mechanical keyboards in the past is I've
actually been in the middle of gaming
and a gum like like this and the control
key pops off but it looks like these are
a little bit more difficult to remove
than that overall it has a very matte
finish to it so you're not going to have
too much trouble with like it looking
like a greasy fingerprint cheeto covered
mess in time these are fairly quiet
actually for mechanical keyboard as well
so that's a consideration you know when
you're in a late night gaming session
and you're typing away on the keyboard
here I'll let you guys evaluate for
yourselves actually so it's not very
very quiet it's not like a laptop
keyboard by any stretch of the
imagination but for a mechanical
keyboard that's actually pretty darn
good and I think that's pretty much all
they're civil why don't we plug it in
and find out what it looks like in the
dark okay so we figured out what the
keyboard button up here on the f12 does
so if you hold the me onyx button and
press it it actually toggles the
different lighting modes so you can see
it's either WASD nothing
there's WASD right now or the full
keyboard is backlit that looks amazing I
hope I hope you guys can see how good
this looks all of the keys are very
evenly lit which is very impressive
that's that's really cool because a lot
of the time you see these backlit
keyboard where it's kind of like it's
bright over here and dim here and
there's like another hotspot over on
this side no looks really good and let's
see what we've got in terms of
brightness control so it looks like we
have three different levels so there's
the dimmest there's the next and there's
the brightest personally I'd have this
on brightest all the time I think it
looks out
standing so thank you for checking out
my unboxing of the zville 60 don't
forget to subscribe to Linus tech tips
from our unboxings reviews and other
computer videos